Learning Path 📚 (#446)
blitz-js/blitzjs.com: app/pages/docs/learning-path.mdx

---
title: Blitz Learning Path 📚
sidebar_label: Learning Path
---

Want to get better at developing applications using Blitz, but don't know
where to start? You've come to the right spot.

This document is inspired by the
[Frontend Developer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend). It curates
material on concepts & ideas, tools & libraries and history & trivia
useful to become better at building applications. It is tailored to Blitz,
but most will easily apply elsewhere.

> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> :::info
> Links marked with 🥷 are advanced. If you're dipping your toes into
> web development, it's totally OK to skip them.
> :::
> <!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Reviewer: Looks nice!
Sync your branch with `main` and use the new `Card` component

```suggestion
<Card type="info">

Links marked with 🥷 are advanced. If you're dipping your toes into
web development, it's totally OK to skip them.

</Card>
```

---
title: Blitz Learning Path 📚
sidebar_label: Learning Path
---

Want to get better at developing applications using Blitz, but don't know
where to start? You've come to the right spot.

This document is inspired by the
[Frontend Developer Roadmap](https://roadmap.sh/frontend). It curates
material on concepts & ideas, tools & libraries and history & trivia
useful to become better at building applications. It is tailored to Blitz,
but most will easily apply elsewhere.

## todo: missing categories {#missing}

> TODO: which categories are missing?

Reviewer 2: - Database modeling
- How to do multi-tenant
- Background processing, cron jobs
- Authorization strategies
- Emails
- Billing integrations (Stripe, Paddle, etc.)

## Testing {#testing}

Automated tests are a great way of verifying that your application works -
and who doesn't want working software?

- TODO: Introduction to the testing pyramid
- TODO: unit testing using Jest
- TODO: writing code to be easily testable
- TODO: cypress guide

## Software Architecture {#architecture}

As your application grows bigger, some structure may be neccessary.
There's a million ways on how to structure your project, here's some good
guidance:

> - TODO: a good guide on onion / clearn architecture

Reviewer 2: Honestly I'm not sure this should be in our normal learning path. This is more like a path for advanced users who want to explore advanced architecture. Having it here is probably too intimidating for most people.
